>> Kent C. Dodds: Let's go ahead and
get started.
I have this talk that I'm basically just
going to give you a beginners guide to
ASTs, because you're beginners,
or my assumption is that you're
coming here as beginners.
Most of you, based off the feedback
server, that's the case.
And so, yeah,
this will be useful to give us all context
around why we should care about ASTs.
So how many people here use Babel?
Okay, it's awesome, you can use
the latest version of JavaScript but
still ship to the older browsers.
It's pretty sweet.
So Babel uses ASTs to accomplish this.
And Babel is a tool that can take
some code, turn it into an AST and
then traverse that AST to
make manipulations to it and
it has plugins to do that and we'll be
writing some plugins to do that but
the ones that we're all familiar
with are the ones that transpile
all the latest version of JavaScript
to what we can use today.
And Babel can be used to create all
kinds of different plugins, as well.
So I've got a couple of examples,
some of my favorites.
This babel-plugin-lodash is super awesome.
So here, let's look at this code first.
If you care about the size of your
bundle that you're sending to users,
like this is in a client side application
or something, then you probably don't want
to ascend the entire lodash module to
the browser cuz it's pretty enormous.
And so what you can do instead is you
can kinda cherry pick off the methods,
the specific methods,
that you need in your application.
By just lodash/map or lodash/get and
then you'll only get that method and
its dependencies, so
it's significantly smaller, but
nobody wants to write code like this.
This is not very fun to do
all this cherry picking,
and let's say you're using six or
seven lodash methods.
You have to import them all,
it's just not a great thing to do,
and what happens when some developer
unwittingly imports all of low dash.
You'd have to have like a lentor or
something to make sure
that doesn't happen.
So instead, there's this plug-in where
you can write your code like this,
however the normal way you'd want to and
then will transpile it down to this.
So one of the key things about Babel
is that like Babel plugins
generally is try to
make the development experience better
without reducing the user experience.
Or sometimes even enhancing
the user experience.
And so, in this case,
it actually like would enhance the users
experience because you wouldn't
accidentally send low dash and the Babel
plugin for low dash just kinda does
that for you automatically it's great.
And if you're not using it, I recommend
that you do, it's really, really good.
Then this one is awesome,
the babel-plugin-module-alias.
So how many people have written imports or
require statements with a bunch
of dots like this before?
Yeah, it's a pain, and
most of the time it's not a huge deal, but
if you have this utils file or
folder that you're using everywhere, what
really stinks is when you move a big group
of files from one place to another and you
have to update all the require statements
or imports, and that is, yeah, no fun.
And so what this allows you
to do is specify aliases for
directories so you can say, hey,
this utils directory right here,
I wanna alias it to open caret,
utils, close caret, or whatever.
Less than, greater than.
And then anytime Babel comes
across an import that uses that,
it's going to update it
with the correct full path.
Or the relative path, and
everything else works just fine.
So that's also quite handy, and just
as kind of a fun tip, instead of utils,
when you're making these things, name this
directory something like to be published.
Something that you're going
to open source eventually,
because one of the reasons that, or one of
the really nice things about publishing
packages to NPM is now you can
install it in your node modules and
you don't have to do this
relative path stuff at all.
And so this kinda gets you halfway
there by giving you those alliases.
Again, this is enhancing
the developer experience without
reducing the user's experience,
which is pretty great.
And then this one is definitely
a must if you're doing React,
especially now with the way
PropTypes have changed.
But in production mode
React.PropTypes.string and
all of this stuff, it actually doesn't
do anything in production mode.
And so all of this text is pretty much
useless when you're in production.
And so this plugin will
remove it from your code, and
so you're not sending those
extra bytes for that extra code.
And also the memory allocation for the
PropTypes object, all that just goes away,
because it's something that
you just don't need at all.
Again, enhancing the developer experience,
and
actually enhancing the user experience,
as well.
So, it's great, any questions or
comments about Babel plugins?
Okay, cool.
So ESLint is super, so ESLint,
there's this plugin for ESLint.
So, sorry, take a state back.
ESLint is a linter for
JavaScript and what that means is,
it will tell you when there's
a problem with your JavaScript,
whether that be stylistic or
actual potential bug in your program.
And this ESLint ships with a whole
bunch of rules to help you with that,
but it's very pluggable.
And one of my favorite plugin's
is this eslint plugin import.
And this is integration with my editor,
I use Atom.
And I have this import for getLogger.
And I got this red line and
my editor is saying, hey,
you have a linting error on that line.
The linting error is coming
from this ESLint plugin.
It says, hey, I'm looking for
this get logger module but
I can't find it anywhere.
And normally you would only
discover that at runtime, but
ESLint can tell you that
statically before anything runs.
And it's using ASTs to do that.
Then there are a whole bunch
of other plugins, too.
There's one that helps you make sure
you're doing promises correctly.
Some helpful things for React,
whether it's the React stuff or
actual, hey,
you shouldn't be using a ref as a string,
because that's something we
shouldn't be doing anymore.
All kinds of that stuff.
There's the security one that's
definitely recommend you give it a look.
Make sure that you're using
JavaScript in a secure way.
And this accessibility one, like,
don't forget your Alt on an image for
in your JSX.
So all of these things
are using ASTs to do their job.
And they do it remarkably well.
It's very cool.
And then, finally, codemods.
Who here has heard of the term codemod?
Okay, so codemods are basically
super awesome find and replace.
So I don't care how good your regex
skills are, you will not do as good as
a codemod for most things.
So there are a whole bunch
of codemods out there.
Basically the idea behind a codemod
is I need to take my code, and
I need to forever change
it to be this new thing.
So I'm migrating to the Jest
testing framework from Ava or
from Mocha or from Jasmine.
So I need to take all my tests and change
them so that they still work the same, but
they're just using the APIs
from the new framework.
Same thing with Ava.
The eact team creates codemods to
automatically update all of Facebook's
30,000 components that they have,
or something like that.
As well as the entire community.
So with React version 15.5,
they just deprecated PropTypes and
put that in a separate package,
same with Create Class.
And they released a codemod,
which magically upgrades all of your code.
So you're using new APIs,
which is pretty sweet.
And then there's this 5to6-codemod if
you're like, okay, I'm done with ES5.
I wanna use ES6 and
this will upgrade stuff and
even can take the prototype pattern and
change it to classes.
It's pretty cool.